alright guys it's time to make the
ceiling fan video there's the thermostat
for the air conditioning on/off high
medium low I'll just stick it on medium
alright there's that beautiful craftmade
ceiling fan again it's wood with bronze
oil rubbed bronze I guess it's tilt
rotating because of the last video I
mean yep it's off so there we go it's a
really nice fan it's quite powerful too
it's got an AC and a fan inside the same
room it's a pretty neat let me turn it
on
that's for the fan obviously because
this is the only switch with a fan logo
on it let me turn on this fan for you
because I'm gonna have to get up on the
bed and get it turned on for you alright
here's love I'm just gonna stand here on
the bed so you guys can see the fan a
little better it's pretty full
there's the badge look here's the it's
the switch that changes changes the way
the fan spins okay now it's on reverse
cuz I just shifted it up now it's going
to shift into reverse there we go
I'll just there we go just do that
medium speed this is probably one of the
most oldest ceiling fans I've seen but
it quite packs quite a punch this is the
type of ceiling fan I wanted for my
bedroom but I'd have to install light
kit on it and that's what I don't I do
not know how to do all right fans
starting to create some Breeze in the
room and I like it very much this is one
of the best fans ever and it's art it
looks like it's on high speed but it's
not really that's how great the fan is
and for the moment you've all been
waiting for
high speed alright let me get off the
bed this is actually better than that
hampton bay court stood and all the
other ceiling fans in my house is it
because this is one of the good quality
fans it creates a lot of breeze that's
the great part about it alright I'm
going to turn off turn off I'll leave it
on high because it's gonna be hot here
this is my parents from actually my
rooms on the other side and they're both
the same so trust me on this all the
rooms are the same let me turn off the
fan now it's the same all right thank
you guys so much for watching this has
been a 48 I guess 48 inch craft made oil
rubbed bronze with wooden blades ceiling
fan thank you so much for watching rate
comment subscribe and I'll make more
ceiling fan videos soon alright that's
it